> This is a Python code for a weather application that allows users to get weather details of a particular location. 
  The code imports the necessary modules such as requests, json, timezonefinder, and geopy to make the API request and fetch weather details. 
  The tkinter module is also imported to provide a GUI interface for the user to enter the location and display the weather details.

> The code defines a function named location_info() which gets the city name entered by the user and calls the get_LatLong() function to fetch the latitude and longitude of the entered city. 
  The call_weather_api() function is then called with the latitude and longitude values to make an API request and fetch weather details of that location. The fetched details are then displayed on the tkinter interface.

> The code also defines a function named get_LatLong() which uses the geopy module to fetch the latitude and longitude of the entered city. 
  It first initializes the Nominatim API with a user_agent value and then calls the geocode() function with the city name to get the location details. 
  The TimezoneFinder module is then used to get the timezone of the location using the fetched latitude and longitude values. The latitude and longitude values are returned to the calling function.

> The call_weather_api() function creates an API request object using the requests module and makes a GET request to the openweathermap API with the latitude, longitude, and API key values. 
  The fetched data is then parsed using the json module and the weather details such as temperature, pressure, humidity, wind speed, etc. are displayed on the tkinter interface.

> The tkinter interface is created using the Tk() function of the tkinter module. It creates a window with the title "weather App" and a size of 800x400 pixels. 
  The GUI has a search button, a text entry field to enter the city name, and labels to display the weather details. When the user enters the location and clicks on the search button, the location_info() function is called to fetch and display the weather details.

> Overall, this code allows users to enter a location and get the current weather details such as temperature, pressure, humidity, wind speed, etc. of that location using the openweathermap API. 
  The tkinter interface provides an easy-to-use graphical interface for the user to enter the location and view the weather details.



